1.    She approached the unfamiliar door and nervously took the key from the pocket. She took a deep breath unlocked the door, paused then opened it. To her horror she saw a partially illuminated room with all the bondage stuffs ,chains, handcuffs . She gazed this vision for quite sometime as her heart was pumping loudly and her breath was getting heavier each time.There came Mason from the back and welcomed her to his den.She took a deep breath , tightening her fist approched towards the ropes ,Suddenly she felt Mason knelt her down  She was helpless by the force on her when he put a blindfold on her eyes and next thing she saw was complete darkness.Then he approacched towards her ears bit it and asked are you ready for the pain, the next moment she felt a tight slap on her ass, By the time she understood it was the stick he was using to hurt her tears rolled from her eyas but probably she was a little exccited as shw was in love with Mason. Then he picked her up tied her with ropes hitting her with the whip as she cried in pain and desperation, whenever he used to touch her moans will get louder and breath heavier.Then he tore her dress touching the whip all over her body making her aroused.Her she was standing naked with ters rolling out of the blinfold while he romoved his pant forcing him inside her. Now her slow moans were took over by the loud screams while he was forcing deeper and deeper each time,After quite sometime time and some tear drops later he pulled away removed her ropes and without saying a word left the room while she lied in the groud crying and remebering each and every moment with heavy breaths.


2.   Middle of the night Rohini woke up from a horrified dream of thief taking away baby, Realising the dream she went to drink water from  kitchen when she heard some footsteps in baby's room. Flashbacks of her dream returned, She slowly appraoched towards the noise coldly,As she clsoed down the nosie she heard  windows closing and footsteps getting lighter.  To this she banged open the door to find that her husband was checking on the baby.Then she hugged them and shighed in relief.



3.  Plot--- You are out walking through an isloated field and you stumble upon a small flag poking out of the ground.You walk over to the flag decide to start digging. You can't beleive what you find.......

In the small town of Belmont there used to live a salseman named Jacob who used to make toys in his factory and sell in his friend's shop in the city. He was a very loyal and creative person who used to make the best toys in all over the country. Slowly his popularity started to increase in the city and it's nearby areas ,hence forth people from all over the country start purchasing from his friend's shop. Within some years their sales skyrocketed and friendship was also getting stronger. They were earning a lot of money. The rival comapny was dealing with huge losses so they lured Jacob's friend with a lot of mony to sell the shop to which Jacb opposed. But friends eyes were on the huge amount for which he broke the frienship , sold the shop to the rival's. Jacob, devastated returrned back to his village from city only to know that the rival company has burnt his factory . After losing everything in one day he was walking through an isolatde field angry broken when he stumbled upon a small flag which fell of by his force and he saw some small gold colored pieces. then he started digging, as he was approaching deeper and depper he found large amount of gold. Taking this gold he started his life, became one of the richest guy and left the city for good to settle in New York. 


4. Checklist :-  a. Protagonist dominate the story b. CRISIS c. Does they grow or change in some way d. 55 words

Rick, a tall, broody and handsome guy lives with his single mother, his father left them when he was just 15. This made him very cold hearted ,disturbed , he used to behave very rudely with his own mother and always used to remain away from house, always pick up fights remain in jail and was addicted to cocaine,marijuana. one day when he was in lock up he got a news that his mother is sick taken to hospital .When he reached there she left the world. Listening to the doctor he got shattered as she was suffering from tumour and she didn't tell her own son as they were out of money , moreover she spent all her money on her son's bail and studies. This incident changed his life and he became very responsible and started working very hard in his life


5.Go to www.fearof.net and write on any phobia --- Panophobia -- The fear of everything or fear that terrible things will happen



6. Protagonist --- Crisis --- seed to a bigger story ---- 55 wrods

7. Protagonist with a different variety of cahracter -- likewise he is a bikere gang member but loves bunnies and babies


8. Describe a character in different situation, how they will act or react.

9. Create a character outline of  a character --- of any stories, or any real people or any big personality

10. A character turnout -- like a mid cal office guy becomes action hero
  





                                            


